


JPEGINFO(1)                                           JPEGINFO(1)


NAME
       jpeginfo  -  prints  information  and  tests  integrity of
       JPEG/JFIF files.


SYNOPSIS
       jpeginfo [ options ] [ filenames ]


DESCRIPTION
       jpeginfo is used to generate informative listings of  jpeg
       files,  and  also  to check jpeg files for errors. Program
       also supports automatic deletion of broken jpegs.



OPTIONS
       Options may be either the  traditional  POSIX  one  letter
       options,  or  the  GNU  style  long  options.  POSIX style
       options start with a single ``-'', while GNU long  options
       start with ``--''.

       Options offered by jpeginfo are the following:

       -c, --check
             Check  files  also  for  errors. (default is just to
             read the headers).

       -d, --delete
             Delete files that have errors. (default  is  not  to
             delete any files).

       -f<filename>, --file<filename>
             Read  filenames  to  process from given file. To use
             standard input (stdin) use '-' as a  filename.  This
             is  alternative to default where filenames are given
             as parameters to the program.

       -h, --help
             Display short usage information and exits.

       -5, --md5
             Calculates MD5 checksum for each file. Exact  speci-
             fication  of  the  "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Mes-
             sage-Digest Algorithm" is in RFC 1321.

       -i, --info
             Displays even more information about  each  picture.
             Prints  image  coding  (Huffman/Arithmetic), density
             (in dpi/dpc), and whether CCIR601 sampling was  used
             or not.

       -l, --lsstyle
             Uses alternate listing format (ls -l style).



                           19 Aug 1997                          1





JPEGINFO(1)                                           JPEGINFO(1)


       -v, --verbose
             Enables verbose mode (positively chatty).

       -q, --quiet
             Quiet mode, output just the jpeg infos.

       -m<mode>, --mode=<mode>
             Sets the delete mode, meaningful only when used with
             -d flag.  Mode can be one of the following:

             all    files containing any type of errors/warnings,
                    not   nessessary   preventing  the  decoding.
                    (default)

             erronly
                    only files with serious errors (ie. cannot be
                    decoded at all).



BUGS
       None, so far :-)


SEE ALSO
       jpegoptim(1)


AUTHOR
       Timo Kokkonen (tjko@jyu.fi)


COPYING
       Copyright (C) 1996,1997  Timo Kokkonen

       This  program  is  free  software; you can redistribute it
       and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
       License  as  published  by  the  Free Software Foundation;
       either version 2 of the License, or (at your  option)  any
       later version.
        This  program  is distributed in the hope that it will be
       useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
       warranty  of  MERCHANTABILITY  or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
       PURPOSE.  See the GNU  General  Public  License  for  more
       details.
        You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
       License along with this program; if not, write to the Free
       Software  Foundation,  Inc.,  675  Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA
       02139, USA.








                           19 Aug 1997                          2


